Implement zoneinfo support and make pytz optional (#940)
python-babel/babel: docs/dev.rst

Dates and Timezones
-------------------

> Generally all timezone support in Babel is based on zoneinfo, with pytz
> supported as optional dependency. Babel should assume that timezone objects
> are either zoneinfo- or pytz-based because those are the only ones with an
> API that actually works correctly (due to the API problems with non UTC based
> timezones).

Reviewer: In accordance with the above changes:

```suggestion
Babel's timezone support relies on either ``pytz`` or ``zoneinfo``; if ``pytz``
is installed, it is preferred over ``zoneinfo``.  Babel should assume that any
timezone objects can be from either of these modules.
```
